doc: add new version of readme (#105)
karmada-io/dashboard: README.md

# Karmada-dashboard
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE)

English version|[中文版](README_cn.md)

Karmada Dashboard is a general-purpose, web-based control panel for Karmada which is a multi-cluster management project.
![image](docs/images/readme-dashboard-en.png)

## 🚀QuickStart

### Prerequisites

> - Multi kubernetes clusters[optional]: in case of testing, you can start kubernetes clusters with kind. If you already had kubernetes clusters in production, you can skip this step.
> - Control-plane of Karmada[optional]:  in case of testing, you can follow this [tutorial](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/blob/master/README.md#install-karmada-control-plane) to set up a minimal environment with Karmada. If you are already installed Karmada, also this step can be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have a Karmada installed on Kubernetes(aka. `host cluster`) and the [karmadactl](https://karmada.io/docs/installation/install-cli-tools#install-karmadactl) or
kubectl command-line tool must be configured to communicate with your host cluster and Karmada control plane.

If you don't already have the Karmada, you can launch one by following this [tutorial](https://karmada.io/docs/installation/#install-karmada-for-development-environment).
```
How about this?

Author: It's ok, the cn version of readme also needs to be changed

Reviewer: So, let's do it.

Author: I've add the translation to cn version, the suggestion can be commited.

---
### Install Karmada-dashboard
In the following steps, we assumed that you follow this tutorial to set up a minimal environment with Karmada, for administrator who manage multi cluster with karmada, all the experience from minimal environment is reusable, there won't be a lot of differences.

1.Switch user-context to karmada-host

```bash
export KUBECONFIG="$HOME/.kube/karmada.config"
kubectl config use-context karmada-host
```

2.Deploy Karmada-dashboard, we choose to export karmada dashboard by nodePort, which will free of any dependencies.

```bash

> kubectl apply -k overlays/nodeport-mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -k artifacts/overlays/nodeport-mode
```

```

> When the process of installation finished, you can visit the karmada dashboard by http://your-karmada-host:32000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the process of installation is finished, you can visit the karmada dashboard at `http://your-karmada-host:32000`.

If your Karmada was installed on a Kind cluster(just as per the [tutorial](https://karmada.io/docs/installation/#install-karmada-for-development-environment)), you might need to expose the service by kubectl port-forward, like:
`kubectl port-forward -n karmada-system services/karmada-dashboard-web --address 0.0.0.0 32000:8000`.
```

Author: should we need to change the Kind config for host cluster:

https://github.com/karmada-io/dashboard/blob/8f9b79837d88310bcb57e2d36aae01d5f29b00da/artifacts/kindClusterConfig/karmada-host.yaml#L8-L12

and add extraPortMappings like 
```
- containerPort: 32000
  hostPort: 32000
  protocol: TCP
  listenAddress: "{{host_ipaddress}}" 
```

Author: if want to reuse the local-up-karmada.sh in the karmada repo, the extraPortMapping can be inserted through sed

Reviewer: Will see. But for now, I don't think so as it works fine on my side.

Author: > Will see. But for now, I don't think so as it works fine on my side.

I've tested the `extraPortMappings` on my machine, it works for my.

> you still need to the jwt token to access the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You still need the jwt token to log in to the dashboard.
```

Author: `log in to the dashboard` should be corrected as `login to the dashboard`

Reviewer: +1

```

### Login Dashboard
Now open Karmada-dashboard with url [http://your-karmada-host:32000 ]()

copy the token you just generated and paste it into the Enter token field on the login page. 
![image](docs/images/readme-login-en.png)
Once the process of authentication passed, you can use karmada dashboard freely. You can follow the Usage of karmada-dashboard to have a quick experience of  karmada dashboard.

---
## 💻Contributing
Karmada dashboard is still catching up with the features of Karmada, we have only implemented the basic functionalities currently.  If you want to contribute to the development of the Karmada dashboard, you can refer to the document of development, we are happy to see more contributors join us.
Please feel free to submit issues or pull requests to our repository.

> **TBD google doc and online meeting calendar**

Author: @RainbowMango
